Mr. Xu, I sent you to the hospital
I saved your life.
Oh my god, Mr. Xu
I've already taken people to your house
We found nothing.
What do you mean?
No trace
I haven't seen your father either.
Maybe you're hallucinating.
Or your father has gone back to his hometown first.
Ah, Secretary Li
How about you?
Just assist Mr. Xu well in the company
I take care of my life
big brother
Zhang Jiu must find my father
Live to see death to see the world
Ah, Mr. Xu
If Mr. Xu didn't get this thing
My father won't be alive or dead
It may be a good thing that Mr. Xu was not found
You've got to cheer up.
If not, I have to be brave
Neither would I.
My dad wouldn't say you need to get out more
I just happen to have an invitation to a charity party tonight
Wherever you go, no matter where you go
He goes and I want to go too